PRODDOCS-707: Env var (#8768)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/environment-variables.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/Environment Variables/job-override.gif" title="Navigating to environment variables job override settings"/>

Every job runs in a specific deployment environment, and by default, a job will inherit the values set at the environment level (or the highest precedence level set) for the environment in which it runs. If you'd like to set a different value at the job level, edit the value to override it.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/Environment Variables/job-override.png" title="Setting a job override value"/>

#### Overriding environment variables at the personal level

You can also set a personal value override for an environment variable when you develop in the dbt-integrated developer environment (<Constant name="studio_ide" />). By default, <Constant name="dbt" /> uses environment variable values set in the project's development environment. To see and override these values, from <Constant name="dbt" />:

> 1. Click on your account name in the left side menu and select **Account settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click your account name in the left side menu and select **Account settings**.
```

If you are using the dbt VS Code extension, you can set environment variables locally in your shell profile (`~/.zshrc` or `~/.bashrc`) or in a `.env` file at the root level of your dbt project.

> For more information, refer to the [Configure the dbt VS Code extension](/docs/configure-dbt-extension#set-environment-variables-locally).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Configure the dbt VS Code extension](/docs/configure-dbt-extension#set-environment-variables-locally).
```

### Special environment variables

> Environment variables define different behavior in different runtime environments such as development, production, and [continuous integration](/docs/deploy/continuous-integration?version=1.11), or different behavior for different users in development (based on personal preferences).

Reviewer: Can we remove the version for the page? In links, we want to be careful using the versioned pages only if we want to point people to specific versions.
```suggestion
Environment variables define different behavior in different runtime environments such as development, production, and [continuous integration](/docs/deploy/continuous-integration), or different behavior for different users in development (based on personal preferences).
```

> Aside from dbt's built-in special environment variables and [dbt global flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs) (which can be set using `DBT_<FLAG_NAME>`; refer to [Available flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags)), environment variable names and values are defined per project. Custom variable names must use the [required prefixes](/docs/build/environment-variables?version=1.11) (`DBT_`, `DBT_ENV_SECRET_`, or `DBT_ENV_CUSTOM_ENV_`). There is no global, exhaustive list of all possible environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aside from dbt's built-in special environment variables and [dbt global flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs) (which can be set using `DBT_<FLAG_NAME>` as described in [Available flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags)), environment variable names and values are defined per project. Custom variable names must use the [required prefixes](/docs/build/environment-variables?version=1.11) (`DBT_`, `DBT_ENV_SECRET_`, or `DBT_ENV_CUSTOM_ENV_`). There is no global, exhaustive list of all possible environment variables.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/Environment Variables/warehouse-override.png" width="60%" title="Adding environment variables to your connection credentials"/>

:::info Environment variables and Snowflake OAuth limitations

> Env vars work well with username/password and keypair, including scheduled jobs, because dbt Core consumes the Jinja inserted into the autogenerated [`profiles.yml`](/docs/local/profiles.yml?version=1.11) and resolves it to do an `env_var` lookup. 

Reviewer: Again , not sure we want the versioned page.
```suggestion
Env vars work well with username/password and keypair, including scheduled jobs, because dbt Core consumes the Jinja inserted into the autogenerated [`profiles.yml`](/docs/local/profiles.yml) and resolves it to do an `env_var` lookup. 
```
